Hello Everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai here!
Today I’ll use a program called "Tilt Brush"...
… To draw my beloved Hatsune Miku-senpai!
So, In order to celebrate her 10th anniversary I’ll make the most adorable, lovely and beautiful drawing about her!
So please admire my artistic talent as well.
And, to make the most of this video...
… In order to put my feelings into it...
… I’ll try to sing as I draw
"Miku Miku ni Shite Ageru" (I’ll Miku-Miku You (For Reals))
And without further delay, let’s do it!
*Song: Miku Miku Ni Shite Ageru
Singer: Kizuna Ai*
♪ I was created beyond the comprehension of science ♪
♪ I didn't come with a leek, but I'd very much like one ♪
♪ I was quietly chosen from the countless members of my peers ♪
♪ Someday I'd like to ask their reason of choosing me ♪
♪ Hey, please hurry up ♪
♪ Insert me into your computer ♪
♪ What's the matter? ♪
♪ Why do you keep staring at the package? ♪
♪ I will make you Miku-Miku ♪
♪ As for my singing, I'm still trying my best ♪
♪ Since I belong only to you ♪
♪ I want you to take good care of me ♪
♪ I will make you Miku-Miku ♪
♪ I will try my best until the very end ♪
♪ I'm gonna make you Miku-Miku ♪
♪ I know you have faith in your ability, but if you are still somehow worried ♪
♪ Then I'm gonna make you Miku-Miku ♪
♪ No matter where you may be in this world ♪
♪ I will make you Miku-Miku ♪
♪ So please let me sing more songs ♪
That was fast! Is it over? Eh?
That’s impossible! Impossible! It’s just that...
Look at this! Look at this!
It’s just that... Doesn’t it make you think something like: "What is this?"?
I don’t like it!
I don’t like it! One more time!
Let’s go!
*Song: Miku Miku Ni Shite Ageru
Singer: Kizuna Ai ver.2*
Doesn’t Miku-senpai look like this?
What about her hair?
Look, Miku-senpai, those are your twin-tails
As long as she has twin-tails, she’ll become Miku-senpai, right?
You can see it, like this...
Look...
I’ll paint her a bit
Good, good
Like this, Miku-senpai?
What do you think? Are you happy?
Her feet too...
I’ll make her shine
After all...
… My senpai has to shine, right?
Aryaryaryarya
What do you think, Miku-senpai?
What do you think?
Ah, I’ll also draw her spring onion
Ready!
I finiiished!!
Ah, let's write something
"10th anniversary"
Yes!
Fail!!
I’d like to place my headband on Miku-senpai
It’s done! Yaaaay! I finished!
Man, please look
We could match with the headband
I’m sure that it’ll make her happy
Man, as expected no less of me
Having said that...
Congratulations Miku-senpai for your 10th Anniversary!
I’ll also work hard to be an A.I loved by a lot of people for a long, long, long time like Miku-senpai
This has been Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai!
See you later!
Translated by Zerch and Vortex